So you're ready for
one of my all time favorite tricks.
This is where this comes in super handy so
again let's say that you live in
the world of content management systems.
That's my deep background
I come from in Joomla,
originally I do work with WordPress and
so forth.
So, one of the things that happens
is your styling and maybe for
accessibility purposes, you need to
flag every time somebody links to a PDF.
Now exactly how likely it is
that your client is typing away.
They're in their little editing window.
That they're gonna stick a parenthesis
PDF after every link that has a PDF
on it, right.
Yeah, zero it's just never gonna happen.
Wouldn't it be great if
we could program that?
We can, using the arbitrary selectors.
So, with that hint in mind,
how about I give you like three minutes.
Think about how could you, so
using the attribute selectors,
I don't tell you which one,
you can pick select all links to PDFs.
On the page and
put a PDF in parentheses after it.
Okay, take three minutes and
see if you can write the selector.